jeos installation (cleanup) (#623)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/installation/pages/install-intro.adoc

ifeval::[{productname} == "SUSE Manager"]

From {slsa}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1, {susemgr} Server and Proxy are available as base products, and can be installed with the {slsa} Unified Installer.

> This is the default method of installation, and the primary method described in this book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default method of installation.
```
The way the Install Guide is organised now it doesn't really have a "primary" method.

Author: yes, makes sense.

endif::[]

> This book also guides you through installing the {jeos} operating system in a virtual machine, before performing the {productname} Server installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you through installing the {jeos} operating system in a virtual machine, before performing the {productname} Server installation.
```
